Week 1 WorkSheet

How do you plan on exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica? What would be different in a full-time engineering job setting?
I will be exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica by keeping my opinions to myself, avoid  politic conversation, dress appropriately, come in on time/ come in early and leave later.  The difference between job settings would more team work and more projects. In the actual field it's a learning experience of what a tech job setting would be and Techtonica prepare and train for this field.   


What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning?
If I were to be an hour late tomorrow morning I would contact the manger as soon as possible to let them know that I will be late.

What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project?
I shouldn't be in this situation in the first place, but I would let my group know that I only had time to finish my work by the due date and I would also notify the manger. 

Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information?
Through the learning to learn, the most effective way for me to learn and retain new information would be doing the problem, going though exercises, some note taking, watchign some videos, and being able to explain it to someone on what I just learned. 

What is growth mindset?
Growth mindset is when you don't have one way of thinking. For example, you are not born with set of skill that you are good at, you can learn new set of skills. 

Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems.
I am using MacOS and the other two popular would be Linux and Windows. 

Why do computers need operating systems?
Computers need operating systems is because it monitors what software needs and what the hardware can proceed. The operating systems need to make sure that it has the necessary resources to complete a task. 

Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem.
If I were stuck in a coding problem I would work 20 - 25 minutes and then I would move on. I would ask my pair for help but I would ask them if they have 25 minutes to help me.

Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month.
Some ways that I plan on meeting new people is having lunch with with new people two times a month and that way I can stay connected with them through text, slack, email, or attending networking events together. 

Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well.
Some effective body language would be standing up straight; no slouching. When engaging in a conversation eye contact is very important because you are paying attention to the speaker and respecting them.

Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well.
Based on your word choices and when they are used well it demonstrates how you carry yourself.

How can you build trust in a team?
Building trust in a team is to be able to work through projects together communicate, and respect their opinions and ask right questions. The most important part would be maintaining the trust in the team. 

How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other?
Devices are connected through wire that is buried underground, the wire is connected to servers that is linked to internet. 

How is information physically transmitted from device to device?
information is physically transmitted through binary. 

How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with?
A device finds another thought the ip address, it communicates through radio waves that gets translated to binary.

What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate?
There are three methods wires, cables and wifi.

How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable?
Even if the network is unreliable the system is designed to check data if it is sent correctly. For example, data is sent through packages and the TCP makes sure that all the packages are received. 
